apple-chat-20170804.txt
Created Fri Aug  4 17:42:57 AKDT 2017
Copyright (C) 2017 by Raymond E. Marcil <marcilr@gmail.com>


Chat with Apple discussing Belkin Thunderbolt 3 Express Dock HD purchase.


Belkin Thunderbolt 3 Express Dock HD
price: $349.95 (Thu Aug 4, 2017)


Now Chatting with Apple

Welcome to Apple.
What can we do for you today?

Would you like to continue the chat?

Hi I have a 2016 MacBook Pro that I am looking to connect to
two ASUS 24" displays that are currently attached to a PC
(to be deprecated) using DVI cables.  What adapters would
I need to connect the two displays to the MacBook Pro with
the Thunderbolt 3 Express Dock HD?

Please wait while I connect you with an Apple Specialist.

Now Chatting with Ron

Hi, my name is Ron. You’ve reached Apple!

I will do my best to assist you look for an adaptor!
Give me one moment please.

Thanks

View Shared Items

I thought the Thunderbolt 3 only had one DisplayPort.
i.e. Not a mini DisplayPort.

Since you have a newer MacBook Pro, the mini display
port is actually the Thunderbolt port.  You can plug
any mini display port connector into the Thunderbolt
port.

Apple has the same port for mini display port and the thunderbolt 3.

Now understand what I was missing. Many thanks for the clear explanation.

Perfect! Are you planning to buy this today? Actually, I can wait while
you complete it just to make sure all questions will be answered.
Sound good?

Yes, sounds good. Hold on a minute or two.

Not a problem. Go ahead. Take your time. I don’t mind waiting.

I was got into checkout and was prompted for my apple id.
Entered my email marcilr@gmail.com and clicked the I forgot link.
Can you expedite or should I just wait for response email?

I see where you are coming from. You will need to wait for the
email confirmation since we do not have any access to your account
for security purposes.

Will do. As they say patience is a virtue:)

Definitely! Let me know if you have any clarifications.

Just checking in, were you able to receive the reset password email?

Did not see it come in. Was going to select continue as guest.

You can also choose that option and link the order once you get to
reset your password at a later time.

Were you able to complete your order?

Yes, in good shape. Thanks for your help. Bye for now.

Awesome! Thank you as well for choosing Apple! You have a nice day!
